Add installation for Fast DDS Python bindings [13876] (#342)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/04-common/python_requirements.rst

.. begin-swig

SWIG
^^^^

SWIG_ is a development tool that allows connecting programs written in C/C++ with a variety of
other programming languages, among them Python.

SWIG_ can be installed directly from the package manager of the appropriate Linux distribution.
For Ubuntu, please run:

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo apt install swig

.. end-swig

.. begin-libpython-dev

Header files and static library for Python
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Python static libraries and header files are need to compile C++ source code generated by SWIG_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python static libraries and header files are needed to compile C++ source code generated by SWIG_.
```

.. begin-swig

SWIG
^^^^

SWIG_ is a development tool that allows connecting programs written in C/C++ with a variety of
other programming languages, among them Python.

SWIG_ can be installed directly from the package manager of the appropriate Linux distribution.
For Ubuntu, please run:

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo apt install swig

.. end-swig

.. begin-libpython-dev

Header files and static library for Python
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To compile C++ source code generated by SWIG_ it is needed the header files and static library for
> Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python static libraries and header files are need to compile C++ source code generated by SWIG_.
```

> It can be installed directly from the package manager of the appropriate Linux distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can be installed directly from the package manager of the appropriate Linux distribution.
```
